Psalm 17 a prayer of David here a just
cause Oh Lord attend to my cry give ear
to my prayer which is not from deceitful
lips let my vindication come from your
presence let your eyes look on the
things that are upright you have tested
my heart you have visited me in the
night you have tried me and have found
nothing
I have purposed that my mouth shall not
transgress concerning the works of men
by the word of your lips
I have kept away from the paths of the
destroyer uphold my steps in your paths
that my footsteps may not slip I have
called upon you for you will hear me Oh
God
incline your ear to me and hear my
speech
show your marvelous loving-kindness by
your right hand all you who save those
who trust in you from those who rise up
against them keep me as the apple of
your eye hide me under the shadow of
your wings from the wicked who oppress
me from my deadly enemies who surround
me they have closed up their fat hearts
with their mouths they speak proudly
they have now surrounded us in our steps
they have set their eyes crouching down
to the earth as a lion is eager to tear
his prey and like a young lion lurking
in secret places arise O Lord confront
him cast him down deliver my life from
the wicked with your sword
your hand from men Oh Lord from men of
the world who have their portion in this
life and whose belly you fill with your
hidden treasure they are satisfied with
children and leave the rest of their
possession for their babes as for me I
will see your face in righteousness I
shall be satisfied when I awake in your
likeness
[Music]